good as promised is debt today
we will continue to see environments at home
with there are two good ecological proposals
interesting and good many other things
more come with me
to
It is so shocking
everything classic and contemporary
when this responsibility frame if
well this year we opted for good in this
large space the initial concept was
create a very natural space where
we can house through this
giant sculpture
the two shamrock projects
a garden square already with certain
products
and technified just for the subject
of the cultivation of legumes vegetables
materials in this space are friendly
with the environment are technologies
green developed for
construction tell me why this
product is a new product is not
true is a wood this is called
wood plastic is an agglomerate of
recycled plastic and wood receive
a way let's say wood that has been
cut let's say mounts that are going to
reforest then serve as inputs
all this, let's say junk garbage
those materials that we use them and
now here in Peru to make this
material that has an appearance of
wood
it is a difficult space not
good the ecological laundry good
try to make a very cool environment not
trying to respect the house I've
used all this structure in mdf
which is prefabricated
and the interesting thing good
prefabrication is that let's say saving
of energy not apart from the fact of using
agglomerates is also helps you a lot
when the wood itself completely
but you use all the chips that
There are no more than larger pieces of
wood to arm I do not speak I give to others
somehow that also helps without
doubt in the ecology on this floor is the
floor that I had draw against if this
is the existing floor of the house because
it was already a patio was raised as a fax
and it was already raised as a patio is a
open space
I'm not taking advantage of all the
ventilation natural lighting I'm
using lighting LEDs which is a
lighting that saves energy not
pollutes when disposing of
spotlights
then the furniture that without plating with
recycled woods
and that has given importance to the point
central to the laundry equipment that
I imagine that also at the same time
they have the whole subject of saving
and well the painting is also a
ecological painting that yes that is a
paint that is called ecogreen that repels
in addition the contamination or this is
paint we have used it in tunnels of
Europe to reduce the issue of
pollution
and me